README.md, before:

<br>
<p align=center><img src="https://github.com/C-Teo/Code.io/blob/main/images/logo.png?raw=true"></p>
<hr>
<p align=center><i>this is a placeholder repo that will not contain source files until a stable build is established</i></p>

## Description
Our mission at **codebook.dev** is to make coding **online** easier.
We do this by allowing users to code and execute the written code all within their browser window.<br>

**Here is a look at how it works:**

1. Your code is sent to a secure server which processes your code. 
2. That code is then executed on the secure server
3. The output is then sent back to your browser. <br>

*Your code or personal information is never stored on the server.*

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Library and Frameworks](#library-and-frameworks)
  - [*Ace Editor*](#ace-editor)

## Usage
1. Visit the site linked below
2. Enter your name and follow the account creation steps
3. Start coding!

## Installation
The website is live at https://www.codebook.dev/index.html <br>*note: compilation features are not working at the moment since it is not completed*
## Documentation
## Library and Frameworks

### *Ace Editor*
For Syntax Highlighting and the In-Window Terminal / Code Editor, we utilized Ace editor. It is a embeddable code editor written in JavaScript that can be found [here](https://ace.c9.io/). A guide on the framework can be found [here](https://ace.c9.io/#nav=howto) and the API Reference can be retrieved from the website highlighted earlier. 

Test Commit

Commit message:

New tab design and bug fixes
Co-authored-by: Teodor Cirstoiu <C-Teo@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<br>
<p align=center><img src=""></p>
<hr>
<p align=center><i>this is a placeholder repo that will not contain source files until a stable build is established</i></p>

<p align=center>The current version of the repository is: <strong>PRE-ALPHA</strong></p>

## Description
Our mission at **codebook.dev** is to make coding **online** easier.
We do this by allowing users to code and execute the written code all within their browser window.<br>

**Here is a look at how it works:**

1. Your code is sent to a secure server which processes your code. 
2. That code is then executed on the secure server
3. The output is then sent back to your browser. <br>

*Your code or personal information is never stored on the server.*

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Library, Frameworks, and Tools](#library-frameworks-and-tools)
  - [*Netlify*](#netlify)
  - [*Ace Editor*](#ace-editor)
  - [*Judge0*](#judge0)
  - [*iDocs*](#idocs)

## Usage
1. Visit the site linked below
2. Enter your name and follow the account creation steps
3. Start coding!

## Installation
The website is live at https://www.codebook.dev/index.html <br>*note: compilation features are not working at the moment since it is not completed*
## Documentation
## Library, Frameworks, and Tools

### [*Netlify*](https://www.netlify.com/)
Netlify allows us to deploy our website in record time and bring our project to you. Netlify also provides us with their authentication protol to smoothly incorporate user accounts and validation. Their resources can be found [here](https://www.netlify.com/) to start building your own websites for free/payed.

### [*Ace Editor*](https://ace.c9.io/)
For Syntax Highlighting and the In-Window Terminal / Code Editor, we utilized Ace editor. It is a embeddable code editor written in JavaScript that can be found [here](https://ace.c9.io/). A guide on the framework can be found [here](https://ace.c9.io/#nav=howto) and the API Reference can be retrieved from the website highlighted earlier. 

### [*Judge0*](https://judge0.com/)
Judge0 enables our website to securely compact your code, clean it, and compile it. It works closely with our Ace Editor API to provide a smooth coding experience. Their console output is redirected into our client side display where the user can interact with it accordingly.

### [*iDocs*](https://harnishdesign.net/demo/html/idocs/help/)
For the beautiful documentation of the project, we used a public [repository](https://harnishdesign.net/demo/html/idocs/help/) by Harnish Design. Fantastic boilerplate for the creation of easy documentation, check it out!
